how about my friends it's a sword bites
game in here again okay and my in my
fourth video my fourth order and chaos
video and today I was just gonna have a
quick look at the mages and combat in
the magic system and how it works and
things are like a Bart okie dokie right
arena blah blah blah blah okay good I'll
check out this place by the way look at
that in that cool just found this place
oh yeah look I'm level 27 now as well I
think the last time you saw me at level
23 I shows you how much time I've been
putting into this damn game oh god I
love it too much it's so good so good
it's just so addictive the way you can
just pick it up and play it that's great
and I've sort of them spells out oh yes
Hank I was going to say to you and
concerning spells your talents here last
time I showed you this board here which
obviously goes for Isabella's but forgot
to over I'd completely missed the
permafrost spells so you have all these
as well and the Great so many spells to
learn oh it's brilliant it's brilliant
okay so this place is just awesome edge
I like it oh it went back into that damn
prison again as well Oh remind me never
even at level 27 I went in there remind
me never to go there again because as I
just cannot beat those guys I can't even
beat the first three guys so the white
thing over their heads means that
there's a quest going at the moment ah
look at that ah you just take it for
granted sometimes yes I think this is
probably nearest that we've got to you
know games like a oblivion and Skyrim
and morrowind on the iOS which is good
right then okay so I've just found this
place and i teleported here
and i just want to show you some spells
and how to come get off me and how the
combat works and things like that
obviously it's different for different
classes you know elves and people like
that are going to shoot from a few can
get Paladine zenus Baron arrow people
are going to shoot from distance like I
will do as well but also um you know
that the bigger guys the orcs and things
like that are just going to go in there
and just smash it up you know okay so
what I'm gonna do it here I'm gonna hit
the guy like that first thing I'm going
to do is hit him with a fireball then
I'll hit him with a ice spell then I'll
stick on my electricity so when he comes
near me and touches me ya he's dead and
I'm gonna check him up in the air like
this oh and last of all just in case
just finish him off I shall do that I
was in the muddy water where are you
where are ya oh there look okay good I'm
gonna nickel his stuff which is now my
stuff I can't seem to get Ally's dad
look here we go mysterious boy I've been
collecting nice and that's for another
quest okay good i like the wet see the
little where think that's pretty cool so
what i'll do is i think i'll probably i
won't record it obviously and but i'll
spend some time here around this area
because these guys seem to drop a lot of
money and as i discussed in last video i
wanna i want to mount I want a line so
I'm saving up for my my horse riding
stuff is to go again fireball first this
is just where I'll do it then what I
bump it my shield on with these guys
because they're not that tough i'm gonna
regret saying that on i have a stupid
thing to say you giddy it okay oh oh you
got banned one of them big things there
and she check them up in the air spin
him around a bit jump up and down in his
head and bora
Oh Don cold look at my health it helps
the green bar over there by the way
that's a bit arrogant of me wasn't it
yes I can and so in circumstances like
this i need to get my health up quickly
let's have a look in the bag see if
there's anything to munch on and there
is had to munch on its marshmallows much
mushrooms even you just sit there you're
much down on those and you'll see that
my my my health bar is going up more
okay so you know it needs for videos
I've done I've only given a brief brief
brief overview of this game and I've
only given you a overview of the mage
the majors point of view and and you
know this there's so many other classes
but it's not so no classes this fall
classes is undead orc human I think elf
I think health but then there's quite a
lot subclasses so you could be a monk a
ranger a warrior i believe and things
like that so yes is a lot to it I just
spotted something over here what's that
cuz sworn I saw a huge one of these
fishy things I look at a pirate ship
look at it I do yourself Justin's guys
you know if gameloft or makers are
watching this video then you know give
yourselves a huge pat on the back
because i love this game i hope you keep
on adding more to it as well right i
don't get myself in a situation where i
get bundled by too many fish vote so
i'll just go for this guy i don't want
to get too near Eva I want to give it
you know so i can at least shoot off two
things in a nice and a fireball term
electricity on pop him up in the air
spin him about a bit do the big one
which will completely missed come on
come on come on come on load again load
again so you have to wait for it to load
down there see and there he goes oh nice
odor good stuff okay and that's pretty
much it I believe as far as combat goes
obviously to show you how you change
your spell's quickly
get back up on this kind it was my
little safety point i teleported here I
just do this always stuffing distance so
here's my spells if I want to change
your spell for example here and just go
on my turn what my doing what you're
doing you fool ah right ok let's got
here fireball did today say I wanted to
swap fight for Fire barage for the ice
spell you do is literally drag it in and
up and there she is but I don't want to
do that because I want to stop working
on my ice staff and fire barrage isn't
that painful anyway guys I hope you
enjoyed the video and I should see you
in the next one I may do some
playthroughs on this because it's such a
vast open expansive game anyway take
care and I'll see you next one